[TASK] Simplify UML graphic examples (#393)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-HowToDocument: Documentation/WritingReST/Reference/Graphics/Diagrams.rst

In order to render diagrams in the TYPO3 documentation,
`PlantUML <https://plantuml.com/>`_ is integrated into the rendering process.

Embedded UML diagrams
=====================

> Simple diagrams can be embedded directly into the reStructuredText mark up:

Reviewer: markup in one word (as a noun):
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/markup

> Simple diagrams can be embedded directly into the reStructuredText mark up:

Author: ```suggestion
Simple diagrams can be embedded directly into the reStructuredText markup:
```

..  code-block:: rst
    :caption: Documentation/SomeFile.rst

    ..  uml::
        :caption: Some Caption

        class -> otherClass : message

This will be rendered as:

..  uml::
    :caption: Some Caption

    class -> otherClass : message

> Include a plantuml file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include a PlantUML file
```

At least it is written that way above.

=======================

..  code-block:: rst
    :caption: Documentation/SomeFile.rst

    ..  uml:: _complex_uml.plantuml
        :align: center
        :caption: Figure 1-1: Application flow
        :width: 1000

This will be rendered as:

..  uml:: _complex_uml.plantuml
    :align: center
    :caption: Figure 1-1: Application flow
    :width: 1000

Put a file called :file:`_complex_uml.plantuml` in the same directory as
the reST file:

..  literalinclude:: _complex_uml.plantuml
    :caption: Documentation/_complex_uml.plantuml

>     :language: text

Author: Otherwise this literalinclude would be treated as php which would fail

>     :language: text

Reviewer: Okay, as I assumed.
